The interplay of academic leadership and psychological capital in PhD scholars' innovation: a mediated-moderation approachby Shikha Chahar; Gunjan TripathiInternational Journal of Innovation and Learning (IJIL), Vol. 37, No. 3, 2025Abstract: This study explores the influence of psychological capital (PsyCap) on innovation among PhD scholars, focusing on the mediating role of academic leadership. PsyCap, which includes self-efficacy, optimism, hope, and resilience, is recognised as a key factor driving innovation by enhancing scholars' creativity and problem-solving abilities. By creating a supportive and intellectually enriching environment, academic leadership enables scholars to better utilise their psychological strengths for innovative outcomes. A quantitative survey was conducted among 414 PhD scholars from universities in Haryana (India) using a 39-item questionnaire to assess variables including academic leadership, university structure, psychological capital, and innovation. Analysis through partial least square-structural equation modelling 4 demonstrated that psychological capital has a strong direct impact on innovation (0.825), with academic leadership serving as a partial mediator (0.097), enhancing PsyCap's effect. Demographic factors such as marital status, university type, and PhD year were also evaluated as potential moderators, but their influence on innovation was minimal, except for the moderating effect of marital status with university structure. The study underscores the critical role of academic leadership in promoting innovation by harnessing the psychological capital of scholars, highlighting the importance of leadership strategies that cultivate supportive and adaptable academic environments.Online publication date: Mon, 31-Mar-2025 Online publication date: Mon, 31-Mar-2025 Existing subscribers:Go to Inderscience Online Journals to access the Full Text of this article. Forgotten your password? If you still need assistance, please email subs@inderscience.com